Add prettier (#1754)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/react/description.md

propagate to reach a new stable system state.

In addition, compute cells should allow for registering change notification

> callbacks. Call a cell’s callbacks when the cell’s value in a new stable

Author: ```suggestion
callbacks. Call a cell's callbacks when the cell's value in a new stable
```
